Now let's learn how to clean the
inside of the flow as we see in the
pro-European we find different types
of materials like leather vinyl cloth
plastic etcetera that are distributed
in the different components that it brings
the inside of our car first
let's start by cleaning our roof
We are going to use
sonax clean tapestries and double sponge
face
we apply a quantity of clean tapestries
and with it we begin to reflect the weight
to remove dirt
using our microfiber cloth
dry
in order to pick up the society that has
removed for sale we have used a
product that does not deserve a product that
it was quickly dirt and a
simple way we have our roof
for cleaning our board
let's use the sponge we apply
a little cleaning crisis and with it
we begin to reflect
in this way we will clean the whole part
from the dashboard of the automobile
using in campañó
rinse we have passed the cloth
microfiber and we will rinse in a
bucket with clean water
we will repeat this process in all
plastic parts of the interior of the car
we also have the option to use the
foam or tapestry areas
path
helps us to quickly clean the
materials like textiles and say it is
ideal for cleaning the roof and
cleaning the seats shake the
product until we feel that we no longer
there is loose fluid inside the container and
we are going to apply a quantity in the
shallow winter
let's act about 30 seconds a
minute and using our cloth
microfiber review the part that leaves us
A very pleasant aroma and it is ideal to return
to repeat for cleaning the ceilings
and
we will proceed as a final point to
clean the seat and apply a little
of our clean tapestries and we will give you
a little time for him to remove the
dirt then we will do a bath
and we will review with our years
fibers
always rinse the cloth as the
dirt that we have stuck there
download it then the bucket with water
It helps us eliminate the dirt that
let's pick up with our step